docs: improve contributor guidelines (#33821)
cypress-io/cypress: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Thanks for contributing! PLEASE...

> - Before writing any code, confirm an open issue exists for this work and that you have commented on it to indicate your intent. See: https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests

Reviewer: Should we say "writing" or "submitting" any code here?

Reviewer: Maybe "creating" any code would be better in the AI era. Just a thought.

Author: Keeping 'writing' — the intent is to check before starting work, not just before submitting.

DO NOT DELETE the PR checklist.
-->

> - [ ] Is there an associated issue that has been commented on to confirm the team is willing to accept this contribution?

Reviewer 2: This task reads like explicit maintainer approval is required before opening a PR, but `CONTRIBUTING.md` currently only asks contributors to comment on the issue to indicate intent. Which is expected or intended?

https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/blob/4102a19a2ecdc4bfa28518dbdac739bc1ad3cdfa/CONTRIBUTING.md?plain=1#L515

Reviewer 3: If a task does not apply, write [na] instead of checking the box.

Author: No change needed — the comment block above the checklist already instructs contributors to write [na] if a task does not apply.

> - [ ] Is there an associated issue that has been commented on to confirm the team is willing to accept this contribution?

Reviewer 4: I think we might want to be more specific on "commented on" just because something can get commented on without really anyone being informed of the work. Or that someone else commented on it but not necessarily "you".
```suggestion
- [ ] Is there an associated issue that has had active discussions between the maintainers and yourself to confirm the team is willing to accept this contribution?
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] Is there an associated issue with maintainer approval for PR submission?
```

Author: Used MikeMcC399's more concise suggestion: 'Is there an associated issue with maintainer approval for PR submission?'

Author: Taken — updated to your suggestion.
